With you, I want you to know
Getting into trouble with me, Zhao Zipeng, is the thing you regret the most in your life
You killed
I will bear the consequences of killing him
beyond measure
Sheep head stop
Otherwise, I'll let him disappear
Zhao Zipeng, you are really a shameless villain
Shameless winner and loser
Today I will make you pay dearly
Let you know that I, Zhao Zipeng, am not something you can provoke
Kneel down and kowtow to me and apologize
I'll count to three.
If you don't kneel again
You kill this stinky bitch first
One two stop
Don't kneel, even if you kneel, will you let us go?
Good night on your knees
Zhao Chao, what have you done to me?
Believe me or not, you have to die
Kowtow and apologize
Sorry, sorry.
I was wrong I was nasty
I'm mean. I'm so embarrassed.
Forgive me.